Min API: Add IProblemDetailsService content plus app example (#35982)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/minimal-apis.md

        => TypedResults.Ok(productId))
    .DisableValidation();
```
### Customize validation error responses using IProblemDetailsService

> Customize error responses from minimal API validation logic with an <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IProblemDetailsService> implementation. Register this service in your application's service collection to enable more consistent and user-specific error responses. This feature was introduced in ASP.NET Core in .NET 10.

Reviewer: This may be nitpicky, but I think "this feature" should be stated explicitly
```suggestion
Customize error responses from minimal API validation logic with an <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IProblemDetailsService> implementation. Register this service in your application's service collection to enable more consistent and user-specific error responses. Support for minimal API validation was introduced in ASP.NET Core in .NET 10.
```
